Replace HTTP Factory class (#141)
lmc-eu/matej-client-php: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- There is always Unreleased section on the top. Subsections (Added, Changed, Fixed, Removed) should be added as needed. -->

## Unreleased
### Added

> - Fix: Package php-http/message-factory is abandoned, you should avoid using it. Use psr/http-factory instead.

Reviewer: This is not a fix. It replaces underlying HTTP library interfaces, meaning the signatures of public methods will change. This is unfortunately a breaking change.

This also means there should be an UPGRADE document prepared showing a steps to upgrade (see root directory of the repository for previous upgrade document).

Author: But there is no changes needed. It will works without changes 🤷

## Unreleased
### Changed
- Require PHP ^7.3

> - Drop old version php-http/client-common ^1.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow only `php-http/client-common` ^2.0 dependency (drop ^1.6)
```

### Added

> - Replace abandoned package php-http/message-factory. Using psr/http-factory instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace dependency on abandoned `php-http/message-factory` with `psr/http-factory`.
```
